Update `README` (#1118)
input-output-hk/mithril: README.md

We have worked on a first implementation of the protocol with the **Mithril network** which goal is to provide a way to fast bootstrap a fully operating **Cardano node**, in less than **2 hours**, whereas it used to take days before.

In order to unleash the power of Mithril, and leverage new use cases, we have also implemented a framework in the **Mithril network** that allows the certification of multiple types of data, provided they can be computed deterministically. 

## :shield: Mainnet availability

> :construction: **Mithril** is currently a work in progress, and is generally available in [**Beta**](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2023/07/21/mainnet-beta-launch) version.
>
> It is **NOT** yet completely ready for production and **Cardano** mainnet.

## :rocket: Getting started with Mithril

If you are a **Cardano SPO**, a good entrypoint is the [SPO onboarding guide](https://mithril.network/doc/manual/getting-started/SPO-on-boarding-guide). 
Additionally, you can find detailed instructions for running a **Mithril signer** in the [Run a Mithril Signer as an SPO](https://mithril.network/doc/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node) guide.

> If you are interested in **fast bootstrapping** a Cardano node, please refer to this [Bootstrap a Cardano node](https://mithril.network/doc/manual/getting-started/bootstrap-cardano-node) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in **fast bootstrapping** of a Cardano node, please refer to [this guide](https://mithril.network/doc/manual/getting-started/bootstrap-cardano-node).
```

Get access to tutorials, user manual, guides and plenty of documentation on our [website](https://mithril.network/doc)!

> Our wiki is also available [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/wiki)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mithril wiki is also available [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/wiki).
```

## :satellite: Structure of the repository

> This repository is sliced in the following parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository consists of the following parts:
```

> * [**Mithril aggregator**](./mithril-aggregator): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for collecting individual signatures from the **Mithril signers** and aggregate them into a multi-signature. The **Mithril aggregator** uses this ability to provide certified snapshots of the **Cardano** blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Mithril aggregator**](./mithril-aggregator): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for collecting individual signatures from the **Mithril signers** and aggregating them into a multi-signature. The **Mithril aggregator** uses this ability to provide certified snapshots of the **Cardano** blockchain.
```

> * [**Mithril client**](./mithril-client): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for retrieving the certified artifacts produced by the **Mithril network**, e.g. the **Cardano** chain certified snapshots used to securely restore a **Cardano node**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Mithril client**](./mithril-client): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for retrieving the certified artifacts produced by the **Mithril network**, eg the **Cardano** chain certified snapshots used to securely restore a **Cardano node**.
```

* [**Mithril common**](./mithril-common): this is the **common** library that is used by the **Mithril network** nodes.

* [**Mithril STM**](./mithril-stm): the **core** library that implements **Mithril** protocol cryptographic engine.

* [**Mithril explorer**](./mithril-explorer): the **explorer** website that connects to a **Mithril aggregator** and displays its **Certificate chain**.

* [**Mithril infrastructure**](./mithril-infra): the infrastructure used to power a **Mithril network** in the cloud.

* [**Mithril signer**](./mithril-signer): the node of the **Mithril network** responsible for producing individual signatures that are collected and aggregated by the **Mithril aggregator**.

* [**Mithril test lab**](./mithril-test-lab): the suite of tools that allow us to test and stress the **Mithril** protocol implementations.

>   * [**Mithril devnet**](./mithril-test-lab/mithril-devnet): the private **Mithril/Cardano network** that we use to scaffold a **Mithril network** on top of a **Cardano network**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [**Mithril devnet**](./mithril-test-lab/mithril-devnet): the private **Mithril/Cardano network** used to scaffold a **Mithril network** on top of a **Cardano network**.
```

>   * [**Mithril end to end**](./mithril-test-lab/mithril-end-to-end): the tool that we use to run tests scenari against a **Mithril devnet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [**Mithril end to end**](./mithril-test-lab/mithril-end-to-end): the tool used to run tests scenarios against a **Mithril devnet**.
```

> * [**Protocol demonstration**](./demo/protocol-demo): a simple cli that helps understand how the **Mithril** protocol works and the role of its **protocol parameters**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Protocol demonstration**](./demo/protocol-demo): a simple CLI that helps understand how the **Mithril** protocol works and the role of its **protocol parameters**.
```
